docs(Java): Update link to GraalVM guide (#1082)
cap-js/docs: java/operating-applications/optimizing.md

Since Spring Boot 3 it's possible to compile Spring Boot applications to stand-alone native executables leveraging GraalVM Native Images.
Native Image applications have faster startup times and require less memory. CAP Java provides compatibility with the Native Image technology.

> [Learn more about Native Image support in Spring Boot.](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/how-to/native-image/developing-your-first-application.html){.learn-more}

Reviewer: I'd rather link to the overview page (even if it is very empty), as it contains a tip with the link to the concept docs.

```suggestion
[Learn more about Native Image support in Spring Boot.](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/how-to/native-image/index.html){.learn-more}
```
